You sleep in that room at night
I have to sleep with you.
You are dreaming
See for yourself.
If you don't want to die or be ruined
Better sleep with me
You can be my room at night
But don't you touch me
Don't worry, I'm not interested in you.
how
Seeing such an excellent man as Lord Dragon Emperor
Do you feel inferior in your heart?
I was born not knowing how to write the word inferiority complex
By the way, I asked you to help me find a way
Did you meet the Dragon Emperor?
Well, I told the road repair
But he said he wouldn't reply to me until two days later.
Okay, then you can urge it tighter.
In case someone wants to harm me
I may not even be able to see the Dragon Emperor
Hey, that guy is not here.
Then kidnap the woman first
Can I give you a hand?